[Australia] - update venue access instructions (#2062)
writethedocs/www: docs/conf/australia/2023/venue.rst

It also has *outdoor seating* and a *park* directly on the property for plenty of fresh air and free space.

.. _Library at the Dock: https://www.melbourne.vic.gov.au/community/hubs-bookable-spaces/the-dock/library-at-the-dock/Pages/library-at-the-dock.aspx

Instructions on accessing the Performance space
------------------------------------------------

General access to the conference space (Library at the Dock) is limited by the library opening hours (10am to 6pm Thursday, and 1pm - 6pm Friday). 

> We will have someone at the after-hours doors to let the conference attendees in and out of the venue outside these hours, and also signages listing local contact numbers to contact the staff if you are stuck outside.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We will have someone at the after-hours doors to let the conference attendees in and out of the venue outside these hours, and also signs listing local staff contact details in case you are stuck outside.
```

> On both days of the conference (Thursday 7 Dec and Friday 8 Dec), doors to the Performance Space will open at 8.30am. Please enter the library via the After Hours Door located opposite the Buluk Park Playground. We will have signages and someone to usher you in to the library venue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On both days of the conference (Thursday 7 Dec and Friday 8 Dec), doors to the Performance Space will open at 8.30am. Please enter the library via the After Hours Door located opposite the Buluk Park Playground. We will have signs and someone to usher you in to the library venue.
```
